unfortunately for this young mother and
Cub all the prime fishing spots are
taken by the older more experienced
females so she leads her cub Upstream
away from the
competition but there's a reason they
have this place to themselves
Rapids for the Cub it's a brutal baptism
but the inexperienced mother Coes him
straight back in
her desperation to feed overrides her
urge to protect her
cub but fortune favors the brave
a
[Music]
finally the ravenous Cub gets a first
taste of
salmon cutting off the food
supply and
imprisoning the fledglings
only adults have the strength to break
their
bonds and make good their
[Music]
escape even as the lake begins to thw
shackles of salt and
ice continue to weigh the chicks
[Music]
down and with every day deeper into
winter cold and lack of food take a
toll but a breath of seasonal wind
offers hope
[Music]
gaining
strength it provides just enough
LIF for a last chance at Liberty
[Music]
trading their Rich Nursery feeding
grounds for the southern
[Music]
lanss they'll find Refuge from the grip
of winter
[Music]
she enters into the Maze of
gullies The Damp Channel margins are
carpeted with
grass that lures in grazing antelope
still they remain on high
[Music]
alert stealth is the best weapon
placing faith in perfect
camouflage the Trap is
set just a few more careless steps and
they'll be inside the required 30t range
[Music]
clamping her Jaws over both nose and
mouth she can St clear of those stiletto
horns and cut off its
airflow but a spotted hyena is drawn to
the commotion
[Music]
close to twice the weight of a
leopard armed with bone crushing
Jaws this opportunist won't pass up the
chance to cash in on the hard work of
others
this
time one very lucky Impala gets a second
chance at
[Music]
life the chase is
on against a Sha of Jack too fast for a
lone sea lion to catch
[Music]
using the Cove as a
trap they run the fish around
ground in the shallows the Pelicans are
the first to cash
in able to squeeze up to 10 fish in
their expandable throats
but the female lead Fleet
regroups with all exits blocked
this time the panicked prey are driven
right onto the
beach a successful hunt yields up to 30
fish for each sea lion
this remarkable technique is unique to
galapagus:
up to 15 roundups
later everyone gets their
fill the size of a pingpong
ball the desert
rainfrog to avoid frying to a crisp by
day this amphibian hides deep in the
sand but when the conditions are just
right he emerges to
[Music]
feed trudging up to 50
yard he calmly noses around for
[Music]
insects while an aaca dwarf
Adder primes itself for ambush
this tiny snake can only strike prey
closer than 4
in a paraba scorpion uses hairlike
feelers to detect the tiniest movement
and frogs are also on his
[Music]
menu the Frog mustn't
stir or he'll trigger a deadly attack
from the a stinging
[Music]
tail but waiting is what he's good at
at
last a colony of
termites busily harvesting June
[Music]
grass they're packed with protein and
fat
[Music]
he'll Force down up to 100 in a sitting